# Wine Quality Prediction
## Introduction
This is a machine learning project which predicts the quality of red wine based on the input features. The dataset used in this project is taken from Kaggle and contains the wine quality information of 1599 red wines. The input features in the dataset are: fixed acidity, volatile acidity, citric acid, residual sugar, chlorides, free sulfur dioxide, total sulfur dioxide, density, pH, sulphates, alcohol. The target label is the quality of the wine which is given a score between 0 and 10.

## Dependencies
The following libraries are used in this project:

Numpy

Pandas

Matplotlib

Seaborn

Sklearn

## Data Preprocessing
The wine quality dataset is loaded into a Pandas DataFrame and the first five rows of the dataset are displayed using the head() method. The number of values for each wine quality score is plotted using seaborn's catplot() method. The volatile acidity and citric acid of the wine are plotted against the wine quality score using seaborn's barplot() method. The correlation between the different input features is displayed using a heatmap generated by seaborn's heatmap() method.

## Model Training
The input features are separated from the target label, and the input data is split into training and testing sets using the train_test_split method from the sklearn library. A Random Forest Classifier is used to train the model on the training data. The accuracy of the model on the test data is calculated and found to be 92.5%.

## Model Testing
A sample input data is given and the corresponding prediction is made by the trained model. If the prediction is 1, it means that the wine is of good quality and if the prediction is 0, it means that the wine is of bad quality. The prediction is displayed to the user.

## Conclusion
This project demonstrates the use of a Random Forest Classifier for predicting the quality of red wine. The model was trained on a dataset containing information about 1599 red wines and was able to achieve an accuracy of 92.5% on the test data. The user can input the features of a wine and get a prediction about the quality of the wine.
